Update balance transfers page (#922)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-balance-transfers.md

> ---

Reviewer: @lsaether  did you just update the images? I had updated this in my other PR #913

Author: Ah I missed it in that PR. I updated the text as well.

---

Balance transfers are used to send one balance from one account to another account. To start
transferring balances, we will begin by using [Polkadot-JS Apps][]. This guide assumes that you've

> already [created a Polkadot or Kusama account](learn-account-generation) and have some funds that

Reviewer 2: I would say "already created an account" rather than specify Polkadot or Kusama, as this would let us use this page on other Substrate chains as well - Kulupu, Subsocial, etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
already [created an account](learn-account-generation) and have some funds that
```

will be transferred.

## Polkadot-JS Apps

Let's begin by opening up the [Polkadot-JS Apps][]. There are two ways to make a balance transfer:

1. By using the "Transfer" tab in the "Accounts" dropdown (located on the top navigational menu).
2. Clicking the "send" button while in the "Accounts" page.

### Using the Transfer Tab

Click on the "Transfer" tab in the "Accounts" dropdown.

![transfer](assets/transfer-1.png)

Now a modal window will appear on the page. The modal asks you to enter 3 inputs:

- "send from account": Your account with funds that you will send from.
- "send to address": The address of the account that will receive the funds.
- "amount": The amount of tokens you will transfer.

The "existential deposit" box shows you the minimum amount of funds you must keep in the account for
it to remain active. See the [existential deposit][] section for more information.

![transfer](assets/transfer-2.png)

After setting your inputs correctly, click the "Make Transfer" button and confirm. Once the transfer

> is included in a block you will see a green notification on the top-right corner of your screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is included in a block you will see a green notification in the top-right corner of your screen.
```

---

> Balance transfers are used to send one balance from one account to another account. To start

Reviewer: One thing I noticed - since these are new images, could you delete the old ones from the balance transfers page?

Author: I'll take care of this in the big images PR, I have a script that will check for all orphan image files.

transferring balances, we will begin by using [Polkadot-JS Apps][]. This guide assumes that you've
already [created a Polkadot or Kusama account](learn-account-generation) and have some funds that
will be transferred.

## Polkadot-JS Apps

> Let's begin by opening up the [Polkadot-JS Apps][]. There are two ways to make a transaction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's begin by opening up the [Polkadot-JS Apps][]. There are two ways to make a balance transfer:
```

1. By using the "Transfer" tab in the "Accounts" dropdown (located on the top navigational menu).
2. Clicking the "send" button while in the "Accounts" page.

> 

Reviewer: Let's maybe add in a note here to be explicit on the network:
> Please note: For these examples, the network of choice is Polkadot. If you'd like to change this, please click on the network selection from the top left corner of the navigation.

Reviewer 3: I agree with Kirsten's comment, other than that this looks good.

### Using the Transfer Tab

Click on the "Transfer" tab in the "Accounts" dropdown.

![transfer](assets/transfer-1.png)

Now a modal window will appear on the page. The modal asks you to enter 3 inputs:

- "send from account": Your account with funds that you will send from.
- "send to address": The address of the account that will receive the funds.
- "amount": The amount of tokens you will transfer.

The "existential deposit" box shows you the minimum amount of funds you must keep in the account for
it to remain active. See the [existential deposit][] section for more information.

![transfer](assets/transfer-2.png)

After setting your inputs correctly, click the "Make Transfer" button and confirm. Once the

> transaction is included in a block you will see a green notification on the top-right corner of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transfer is included in a block you will see a green notification on the top-right corner of your
```

screen.

> ### From the Accounts Page

Reviewer: Oh nice section here!

Navigate to the "Accounts" page by selecting the "Accounts" tab from the "Accounts" dropdown located
on the top navigational menu of Polkadot-JS Apps.

You will see a list of accounts you have loaded. Click the "Send" button in the row for the account
you will like to send funds from.

![transfer](assets/transfer-3.png)

Now you will see the same modal window as if using the "Transfer" tab. Fill in the inputs correctly

> and hit "Make Transfer" then confirm the transaction. You will see a green notification in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and hit "Make Transfer" then confirm the balance transfer. You will see a green notification in the
```

> top-right corner of the screen when the transaction is included in a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
top-right corner of the screen when the transfer is included in a block.
```
